原文：Now can you see that? Ok. After this seven, four, ok? My request also timeout. Think I'm gonna listen to my lines once again. SCNB, it's a very simple one. My decision. Fine, Lava scale. Okay, they may not allow any other guys to add into their network. So some of the internal connecting about them are hidden. They will show to Xiao Zhou. Who they are by releasing their IP addresses. Okay? So you can see that all of the requests will become pending up okay? But eventually the trace can also be completed. And at the final destination, so called here, right? You may not record the IP address because the trace log cannot have this display for you. Okay, either way would be fine. But anyway, I hope you can better understand your working context, something like this. I don't have any other supplementary information. Before the next week to come, I suggest you are going to do the following things, in such a sequence. First, attention, first, this week, first part, except that shell, if you prefer to learn that shell, no problem, you can still input it. Because let me open this one more time. We first, because this document, it suddenly surfaces as somebody. At least you understand what commands you are going to use. Okay, any question? It's someone online, okay? Good luck with this session because that is a formal assessment you need to type, okay? But more or less based on what the question video request you guys to do, based on the nature of the request, you should figure out what commands to use. Okay, these are the same things we are going to test whether you understand. The goal, situation or when to use what commands are already listed here. This table, okay? For some of the commands, we are often letting function just a step. Okay, so based on that, I'm just going to miss out the current configuration, IP configuration. already good enough. You don't always need to use less step. Okay, and based on that, I think you can try by yourself again and again. Okay, don't forget that in addition to reading this readme first, you are also required to browse through. These five different files. Can you get them all? Okay, from part one to part five. Maybe you also need to require to practice one more time when you get back home by using on people. Okay? And if you don't have a Windows machine maybe you are going to come back to the school or to the library to have a Windows machine, okay? So that you can practice by yourself. But for using Mac, so sorry to tell you that in this time Mac machine will be excluded. Because most of the people are using Windows machine. Even the lab is the same situation. So for the benefits of most of the people, I just limited this list to the scope of just using a Windows machine. And that day, remember, you need to use your laptop to log into the best home machine and open the model, okay? And the deployment will take place. Remember you need to turn off your electronic devices like definitely your desktop computer must go, you turn it off, other things to do, okay? And the question will be, distributed to you by papers. Okay, that's exciting. We have the instruction from the department. Not by me, okay? So don't blame me over this. The question will be distributed to you by papers. Physical papers. The papers must be returned to me with your name and student ID. Over there. Okay. And then I will return back to the office. You need to use a Microsoft Word file for you to record the screen capture. Together with some of the answer, okay? You are going to have to write it down. By using Microsoft Word. Okay, save the file safely. Get to a reliable media or online, okay? And then you are going to have a good time after that. Remember, okay? If you are going to have your machine hang up, before you can submit, no one can help you. So you must do something to protect yourself, okay? Personally, at this time, I would not recommend using a USB drive, because you just want, want to avoid the problem of so obvious cheating. Maybe you can use a Google Drive. For one drive, but don't store the stuff over there. If I can find out that, I will give one second. If I can find out that, you refer to the material you store on your OneDrive and Google Drive, you have a high chance to have a problem of cheating. It's just looking at pages. Then the quiz will more or less score zero. No one will prefer that, right? You know what I'm talking about? And I don't think this would be so difficult. Just because we need all of the things. We have already included in these five different parts. If you can successfully go through the handle and understand what condition is going to use more typical commands together with the RPA parameter or argument, they are also available from the online help. Then we get to the last section, we review the account history 100%. It's like this. Using the command capture the screen, write something related to the pattern. Most of the time, parsing fails. This is so typical. Good enough. I suppose no question. If you have a question, you can just say "hi". I'm prepared to work one more hour here. Anyway, if you still have... You can use this zoom link to prepare for the AI and ML model to further explain the details to you but remember, send me a WhatsApp message first for what kinds of system you really want to have from me. Okay, so that I can arrange the time. Okay, thank you. See you next week.